<p style="text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-word;">

Welcome! I am a Researcher at the Leibniz Institute of Agricultural Development in Transition Economies (IAMO), working in the Department of Agricultural Markets, Marketing, and World Agricultural Trade.<br> 
<br> 

My research focuses on the functioning and resilience of agricultural markets and value chains, with particular emphasis on price transmission analysis, market integration, consumer behavior, regional trade, food security, and inefficiencies in agricultural markets. I specialize in studying agricultural and food markets in transition economies, with a focus on the post-Soviet region, the Black Sea region, and the South Caucasus.<br>
<br> 

My work has been published in leading journals, including *Agricultural Economics*, *Food Security*, *Global Food Security*, *Aquaculture Economics & Management*, *Applied Economic Perspectives and Policy*, and *Wirtschaftsdienst*. I have also contributed to policy briefs, discussion papers, and book chapters, and my research has been presented at international conferences such as the European Association of Agricultural Economists (EAAE) Congress, IAMO Forum, and GEWISOLA. Notable publications include studies on the stability of global wheat trade, the impact of Russia’s war in Ukraine on grain markets, and consumer acceptance of CRISPR gene-edited tomatoes.<br>
<br> 

I earned my Ph.D. in Agricultural Economics from Martin-Luther-Universität Halle-Wittenberg (MLU), Germany, graduating with the highest distinction, *summa cum laude*. My doctoral research was supported by a scholarship from the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD). Prior to that, I completed my M.A. in Economics (with distinction) at the International School of Economics at Tbilisi State University (ISET), Georgia. In 2017, I was selected as a young economist to participate in the 6th Lindau Nobel Laureate Meeting on Economic Sciences.<br>
<br> 

Please find my detailed <a href="/assets/CV_svanidze.pdf">CV </a> and full list of publications at [IAMO Profile](https://www.iamo.de/institut/mitarbeitende/details/svanidze).

</p>